[Form Recognizer] Sovereign clouds support (#20522)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/formrecognizer/ai-form-recognizer/CHANGELOG.md

### Features Added

> - Supports the Sovereign clouds (AzureUSGovernment/AzureChinaCloud), pass the `audience` parameter in the client options for `DocumentAnalysisClient | DocumentModelAdministrationClient` to authenticate with a resource in a [Sovereign Cloud](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/authentication-national-cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports alternative cloud environments (Azure United States Government and Azure China Cloud). To use an alternative cloud environment, provide a value for the `audience` field of `DocumentAnalysisClientOptions` or `DocumentModelAdministrationClientOptions` to configure the client to authenticate within a [Sovereign Cloud](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/authentication-national-cloud).
```

> - Supports the Sovereign clouds (AzureUSGovernment/AzureChinaCloud), pass the `audience` parameter in the client options for `DocumentAnalysisClient | DocumentModelAdministrationClient` to authenticate with a resource in a [Sovereign Cloud](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/authentication-national-cloud).

Author: ```suggestion
- Supports the Sovereign clouds (AzureUSGovernment/AzureChinaCloud), pass the `audience` parameter in the client options for `DocumentAnalysisClient | DocumentModelAdministrationClient` to authenticate with a resource in a [Sovereign Cloud](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/authentication-national-cloud).
```

>   Import and leverage the `KnownFormRecognizerAudience` enum to get the endpoint. Possible values for audience as of now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Import and use `KnownFormRecognizerAudience` to get the correct values for a given cloud environment. The currently supported cloud environments are:
```

  - `KnownFormRecognizerAudience.AzureResourceManagerChina` (`"https://cognitiveservices.azure.cn/.default"`),
  - `KnownFormRecognizerAudience.AzureResourceManagerGovernment` (`"https://cognitiveservices.azure.us/.default"`),

>   - `KnownFormRecognizerAudience.AzureResourceManagerPublicCloud` (`"https://cognitiveservices.azure.com/.default"`),

Reviewer: Based on other discussion, it seems like once the values are changed, this will be:

`FormRecognizerAudience.AzureChina`, ... etc.?

>   If `audience` is undefined, it is considered to be a PublicCloud (`"https://cognitiveservices.azure.com/.default"`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If `audience` is undefined, the default value is suitable for the Azure Public Cloud (`"https://cognitiveservices.azure.com/.default"`).
```

>   If `audience` is undefined, the default value is suitable for the Azure Public Cloud (`"https://cognitiveservices.azure.com/.default"`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If `audience` is undefined, the default value is suitable for the Azure Public Cloud `https://cognitiveservices.azure.com/.default`.
```

Nit: This looks better to me. Up to you!
